Add nighly job to verify doc links (and fix broken links) (#9496)
containerd/containerd: README.md

> [![Nightlies](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/workflows/Nightly/badge.svg)](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/actions?query=workflow%3ANightly)

Reviewer: Can we also update the `Build Status` badge to https://github.com/containerd/containerd/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?event=merge_group, as CI is now run on `merge_group` events. The above link will bring the badge back to green.

* Passes all [node e2e tests](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-node/e2e-node-tests.md).
* Passes all [e2e tests](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-testing/e2e-tests.md).

> See results on the containerd k8s [test dashboard](https://prow.k8s.io/?repo=containerd%2Fcontainerd)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See results on the containerd k8s [test dashboard](https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-node-containerd)
```
Is the new link for the broken one, if we want to refer to all sig-node-containerd tests

we can use `https://testgrid.k8s.io/containerd`,  but its already referred in https://github.com/containerd/containerd#kubernetes-k8s-ci-dashboard-group.

Reviewer 2: +1, it'd be good to still use the testgrid here.

Author: Updated to use https://testgrid.k8s.io/containerd
